Work log title: 3:46pm, Monday, 18th May. I've spent some time looking into Harbor. Got a gist of it in terms of what structure and configs it expects. I've been thinking about the problems a little bit, so my understanding initially was that it was more going to be like: how do you source websites or how do you interact with websites to get a good sense of whether it has been replicated correctly? It is now just more like there are two axes:
1. Sample generation, which is how do you get a wide variety of different websites to sort of experiment and test against, and how do you make this scalable? Can you go from some website spec that has a number of pages per page description, maybe just a small wiring across the different web pages of the site?
2. Since this is a particular design, it will probably be like you should probably understand stuff like sleek, modern, dense, verbose, cluttered.  Right? Obviously, as the problem breaks down into three challenges:
1. Simple HTML/CSS applications
2. Having React or animations, basically more modern applications  The way to think about this is the end product is something like a user will tell you, "Here is the screenshot. Make it look like this." How do you do that? That is the end goal, and sample generation is, I guess, one aspect of it where I don't think it is the most important. I think the easiest we one would be is to get not so much on the recipe for that, but I just have some set of samples generated, just like a few short samples. The more important task is, given a screenshot, how do you evaluate? Right now I think the interesting thing here is you may not even need pure screenshots. You can maybe do some evaluation on output HTML versus the ground truth HTML, but what is the problem there? You're obviously introducing a certain kind of bias where you're saying that maybe the way you structure your code or the way you make things functional is very limited on the way the Oracle is writing HTML, so you're introducing a certain level of boundedness, assuming the Oracle is also not perfect. One thought process is that, given that there are so many ways to achieve the same thing, especially in design, this need not be the most important thing, especially because we don't care so much about functionality. We care more about how things look. From a functionality standpoint, I think it would be important to understand how the HTML is written, but the flip side of this is that, if we're writing pure HTML and CSS, it becomes pretty straight pretty obvious whether the given HTML corresponds to the given screenshot, I think. You're limiting yourself in that capacity to say that this will only work with HTML, which is, again, I think pretty ancient in that sense. What all can the grader output? I think we'll have to do experiments to figure out there's no one short answer here. One way is to let's define what is the expected output you want to validate on and what goes into the input, because we do have the original HTML, but I don't think we should look at the HTML. We should look at how you get out stuff, like how you basically say that, okay, buttons are of this size and of this ratio, especially with respect to the viewport in this particular position. How do you get a list of "This was my original HTML and this is the layout"? Okay, like this button, there are 100 buttons here, of this size. The next is that the CSS tells you all of that, the CSSOM. Should I even use an LLM as a judge? Is there a deterministic loop that we can make? I don't think there is a right answer yet. There is a lot that we need to do to figure things out, but I think that's where the focus should be. I think we can just start off with having some very simple pages and just experimenting on what are good ways to evaluate them, and then we can build from there. How to package it, we can get to that later, like, okay, how do you scale this out. I think the first set of experiments would be what is the good output artifact. Let's say, okay, I just want to evaluate at the HTML level, or I want to evaluate at the CSSOM level, right. Stuff like that would be important to understand. I luckily have a benchmarking browser page. It's a bunch of JavaScript. It's a website that I have locally which I can run, but I also have Web Arena and stuff which I could use just to get things off the bat, but I think we can think of things along those lines.

I also came across RewardKit. Not that RewardKit in itself gave any insights, but the stuff that it can do is interesting. It already has a similarity, so the trivial case can be checked quickly. We can also evaluate agent races. I have two thoughts. I think one is that it's a bit secondary. The core is still the HTML evaluation or whatever, screenshot evaluation. The reason it's secondary is because right now we won't have an agentic setup necessarily. We're not going to use hardware directly to do the first couple of tests. We just want to make sure what are good evaluation functions, so that's the first thing. I think we can bring in stuff like RewardKit and agentic judges with time, once we have a little more clarity on, "Okay, this is a good signal, this is a bad signal." Some of the evaluation tests we want to run in Scan and LLM even qualitatively, or reliably, give a score that is reproducible across the same two different screenshots. Stuff like that would be interesting, but I do think some stuff like RewardKit now comes at a little bit of a later point in time.
